README.md, before:

# VoyansiRoomManager
Sample Room Manager API for Voyansi


Build JAR

```
mvn clean package spring-boot:repackage
```

Run JAR

```
java -jar target\VoyansiRoomManager-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

Sample POST request (createRoom) via Curl

```
curl -H "Content-type:application/json"  -d "{\"id\" : \"newRoomId\", \"name\" : \"insertRoomName\", \"number\" : \"insertRoomNumber\", \"occupant\" : \"insertOccupant\"}" http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/createRoom
```

Sample PUT request (updateRoom) via Curl

```
curl -X PUT -H "Content-type:application/json"  -d "{\"id\" : \"insertRoomId\", \"occupant\" : \"newOccupant\"}" http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/updateRoom
```

Sample DELETE request (deleteRoom) via Curl

```
curl -X DELETE http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/deleteRoom  -H "Content-type:application/json" -d "{\"id\" : \"insertRoomId\"}"
```

Build and run with Docker Compose

```
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```

Commit message:

Updating README with URL for GET request to see a list of rooms and details

README.md, after:

# VoyansiRoomManager
Sample Room Manager API for Voyansi


Build JAR

```
mvn clean package spring-boot:repackage
```

Run JAR

```
java -jar target\VoyansiRoomManager-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

GET request URL (get list of all rooms and details)

```
http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/rooms
```

Sample POST request (createRoom) via Curl

```
curl -H "Content-type:application/json"  -d "{\"id\" : \"newRoomId\", \"name\" : \"insertRoomName\", \"number\" : \"insertRoomNumber\", \"occupant\" : \"insertOccupant\"}" http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/createRoom
```

Sample PUT request (updateRoom) via Curl

```
curl -X PUT -H "Content-type:application/json"  -d "{\"id\" : \"insertRoomId\", \"occupant\" : \"newOccupant\"}" http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/updateRoom
```

Sample DELETE request (deleteRoom) via Curl

```
curl -X DELETE http://voyansiroommanagerbeanstalk-env-1.eba-7hq2gey4.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api/deleteRoom  -H "Content-type:application/json" -d "{\"id\" : \"insertRoomId\"}"
```

Build and run with Docker Compose

```
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```
